---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "credstash_secret Resource - terraform-provider-credstash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# credstash_secret (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Generate a secret in credstash using 34 radomchars, name "test.secret"
resource "credstash_secret" "test_secret" {
  name = "test.secret"
  generate {
    length = 34
  }
}

# Generate a secret in credstash using 34 radomchars, name "my_pub_key"
resource "credstash_secret" "my_pub_key" {
  name  = "my_pub_key"
  value = file("${path.root}/id_rsa.pub")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the secret

### Optional

- `autoversion` (Boolean) Automatically increment the version of the credential to be stored. This option causes the version arguement to be ignored. (This option will fail if the currently stored version is not numeric.)
- `context` (Map of String) encryption context for the secret
- `generate` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for autogenerating a secret. Either `value` or `generate` must be defined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--generate))
- `table` (String) name of DynamoDB table where the secrets are stored
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The secret contents. Either `value` or `generate` must be defined.
- `version` (String) version of the secrets

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--generate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `generate`

Required:

- `length` (Number) The length of the secret to generate.

Optional:

- `charsets` (Set of String) Define the set of characters to randomly generate a password from. Options are all, alphanumeric, numeric, lowercase, uppercase, letters, symbols and human-readable.
- `min` (Map of Number) Ensure that the generated secret contains at least n characters from the given character set. Note that adding constraints reduces the strength of the secret.
- `use_symbols` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether the secret should contain symbols.


